Welcome back to the Ocean Studio here as
part of the Yahowah Vlog.
I'm your host, Craig Winn.
We're delighted to be able to sneak this
one in.
We've had some turbulent weather these
last, oh,
better part of a week where it's been
stormy.
You can see the clouds in the background,
and I'm sure...
No doubt can perceive that the palm fronds
are being tossed to and fro and the
trade winds.
It has been blusterier than normal and
it's quite cold for us.
The highs are in the low eighties and
dips down into the mid seventies at night.
So this is fantastic.
Frigid weather for us here in the islands.
But nonetheless,
it was clear enough and calm enough for
us to return.
And I wanted to share this psalm.
We're in the eighth of Mizmowr or our
lyrics to be sung of our King Dowd.
And this begins with Yahowah's name.
It begins Yahowah.
And that is the proper pronunciation of
the name of God as directed by his
Towrah,
his teaching regarding our Hayah existence
and even our Shalowm restoration.
and Shalowm.
Every letter in Yahowah's name is easily
pronounced.
It is Yah-ow-ah.
Simple, not complicated,
certainly not something that should be
controversial.
The fact is that Jews and then Christians
and Muslims simply erased God's name.
It's well known.
It's presented some seven thousand times
in His Towrah, Prophets and Psalms.
he claims that he has but one name
I believe him when he says you know
I want to always be known and remembered
by I think he's telling us the truth
and when he says that his name is
based upon the verb Hayah then I think
we should know what it means since Hayah
means I was I am and I always
will be and when he introduced his name
he also conveyed it with
My favorite of all Hebrew words.
The Hebrew word that began my
understanding of who Yahowah is.
The very word that led me to become
the first person to restore the dignity of
Yahowah's name.
It is Asher.
And come to find out that it's the
very term asherah that Yahowah would
ascribe to my beloved bride Leah.
It means blessed and beneficial.
So Yahowah, Edown,
our upright pillar and firm foundation.
Now, when we're considering this word,
Edown,
it is typically rendered as Adown and then
as Adonai by the rabbinical type.
And that is because they don't want to
ever say Yahowah's name.
They just want to call him my Lord.
And Adown would convey the idea of Lord.
And it, you know,
There are aspects of Lord that are really
inappropriate and there's aspects of the
word that are appropriate.
It is used throughout the Towrah prophets
and Psalms.
And I have typically rendered it as Edowm
when directed towards Yahowah.
And that is because Edowm is described in
the Towrah as the upright pillar and the
firm foundation of the tabernacle.
And so he is those things.
He is our upright pillar.
He is the firm foundation of the
tabernacle,
the home of the restoring witness.
And so that makes perfect sense.
And that's how it is used throughout the
Towrah.
When it is scribed as Adown,
it can also be applied to God and
to man.
It was used primarily as an honorarium.
So if somebody is saying, my Lord...
They're speaking of either a superior in
terms of overall prestige or rank or
influence or position.
And it's very much like you go back
to the time that I was a young
man,
which depending on which life you're
looking at was anywhere between, well,
you know,
seventy years ago and seven thousand years
ago.
I'm laughing here.
Yeah,
I'm looking pretty good for seven thousand
years old.
It was used like we use, sir.
You know, yes, sir.
You would say of an elder that you
had some respect for.
Yes, sir.
No, sir.
And so it is used very often and
in that sort of way.
Here it's our because it was followed not
by "any, which would be my, but 'anachnuw,
which would be our or us in Hebrew.
And so it's fine from that kind of
an idea.
It's a sign of respect.
There are two Hebrew words that convey
this.
One is Baal,
and the other is Adown or Edown.
And they have a slight difference between
them in that Adown only means Lord and
Master, right?
Edowm only means,
it's written the same exact way,
by the way,
upright pillar and firm foundation.
And Baal would add to that husband,
while they also,
each of them could address this Lord and
Master concept.
So you have Edowm,
Lord and Master, Edowm,
upright pillar and firm foundation,
and Baal, husband,
in addition to Lord and Master.
Now, there is a positive spin,
as we have learned,
relative to being Lord and Master as a
husband,
as well as Lord and Master of a
domain.
Dowd when he was king of Yisrael was
the Lord master of Israel.
That's the nature of a king.
And God's form of government is going to
be as a result of, you know,
as a beneficial and benevolent leader.
But he is king.
We're not electing.
God's not going to say, you know,
I'm a big fan of democracy and we're
going to hold a vote.
And all those who want to be a
leader, submit your resumes.
And then we'll have debates and speeches
and the people can decide.
The last time Israel was given the
opportunity to decide, they chose Sha'uwl.
And he's known for opposing the Towrah,
being viscerally aggressive in trying to
kill Dowd and of being demon-possessed.
And his namesake would create the most
egregious religion of all time, Sha'uwl,
who became Paul,
who God calls the plague of death.
So...
God's not going to do that.
And he is going to have a supreme
and sovereign leader over his people.
God does not want to himself be
responsible for the nitty-gritty
day-to-day management of anything.
He works through people.
You can hear in the background that is
Qara telling Wookie that she wants the
ball that Wookie has found.
well, manned up and taken.
Wookie is trying to get Kara to recognize
that there is a difference between boy
dogs and girl dogs.
And Kara is not buying it at this
point.
So Wookie is the edowm in this situation
of the ball.
So the reason I'm going through this is
that I think it's important
that we recognize that Yahowah wants to be
known as our Father,
and that He is Almighty God,
that these are His titles,
and He chooses to work through people who
have different levels of authority in
speaking for Him,
and that there are very positive as well
as negative applications of Edowm and Adown,
as well as Baal.
But the biggest issue with Baal is that
it was misappropriated, as was Adown, Lord.
Both of them were misappropriated by the
adversary, as he does.
He also misappropriated Ashar,
becoming Asherah, the mother of God,
the queen of heaven,
and virtually every religion,
including Christianity.
And it's prevalent also within Islam.
So...
These are...
She definitely has an opinion as to what
is important to her.
And so these are things to understand that
Satan misappropriates the things that God
cherishes and uses as symbols.
You look at the fact that he has
designated the role I'm playing as being a
bull.
And yet you look at the bull and
it's a...
preeminent source of worship, if you will,
a false god in so many pagan religions.
So something misappropriated from God,
as was Ashar, as is Baal.
And the case with Baal went
Elijah opposed the religious and political
establishment of Israel.
His enemy was not Baal and it wasn't
Asherah.
It was the religious pontificators on
their behalf who were
preaching on behalf of of a false god
and false religion uh so uh just something
to keep in mind as we come across
uh edown we're always learning and we have
to refine our understanding so this is
Yahowah edown our upright pillar and our
firm foundation and then he asks a
question ma
ma is an interrogative in uh in Hebrew
and it's considered a interrogative
pronoun and it encourages us to ponder the
implications behind the who what why where
when and how characteristics associated
with the persona or designation of god in
this case and his people
So who is awesomely magnificent, 'adyr,
powerful and majestic, superior?
How superior, how magnificent,
in what ways is your name?
So we've been told Yahowah is God's name.
that he is the foundation and the upright
pillar of our lives,
and that according to his beloved son,
his name is 'adyr, awesomely magnificent,
powerful and majestic,
superior and splendid,
stately and sovereign,
noble and beautiful, desirable and grand,
suitable and powerful,
recognizable and deserving our respect.
So why did rabbis erase it?
Why won't they say it?
Why doesn't it appear in their Talmud or
in their Zohar?
If the New Testament is from God,
which it isn't,
why isn't God's glorious name appear
anywhere in it?
Hmm?
If you don't know the answers to those
questions, then you're a really lost soul.
You are one of those beguiled by religion.
And he says, he concludes this,
in the entirety of the material realm and
in the land.
So we're being told by Dowd,
who wrote this psalm, that Yahowah,
our upright pillar,
the firm foundation that
He is saying in so many ways,
the how, the where, the why, the when,
the what of your name is awesomely
magnificent.
Everything that we could ponder regarding
your name, Yahowah, is desirable,
beautiful, noble,
deserving of respect and is easily
recognizable.
And that is true in the entirety of
the material realm.
Mizmorw
lyrics to saying Psalm eight, nine.
So this is not only the first step
towards knowing who we are and why we
are here,
where we are going and how we're going
to get from here to there.
It is the only responsible,
rational and respectful approach to God.
If you do not know his name,
if you do not
Use His name.
If you do not celebrate His shim,
then I can tell you for certain,
you do not know Him,
and He does not know you.
If you are using another name for your
God, you are being disrespectful.
You're being annoying to the one true God,
and you're wasting your soul.
So thanks to Dowd,
we continue to learn and grow in our
relationship with the Yahowah.
to the enduring guide and everlasting
director based upon the Githyth,
the wine press.
There is a Mizmowr,
Melody and Lyrics by Dowd the Beloved.
So what I'm doing now is for your
edification,
I'm going to go through the entirety of
the Eighth Mashal as a review because we
started it probably some weeks ago.
And
It is from Dowd, who is the beloved.
It is about the wine press.
Now,
the wine press is not just something that
he thought he would throw in and say,
well, you know,
that's symbolic of something or other.
And in his case,
we know that before he wrote this Mizmowr,
he had a problem with a little too
much wine.
That's what got him into trouble.
But it's the wine press that also resolved
that problem.
There is a man known to Dowd that
emerged from the wine press earlier in his
life, in fact,
at the transition point in his life,
and that will come again,
emerge from that wine press to restore his
people unto him.
The wine press, in this case,
speaks of Obed-Edowm.
Obed-Edowm is the man who,
when an individual tried to impose his
influence over the movement and direction
of the Ark of the Covenant,
as it was being moved
into Jerusalem for the first time to set
on the Temple Mount now that Dowd had
acquired it and he had created,
built the city of Dowd out of Jerusalem.
That it was being pulled by a bull
because it's a bull,
a symbolism of a bull that's going to
restore the Ark of the Covenant in its
proper place prior to Dowd's return and
anointing it on Yowm Kipurym.
And that was interrupted and
Dowd had a tizzy fit.
He began what was a very sad episode
in his life where he felt that it
was appropriate for him to lash out at
God, to be angry at God.
And he didn't like the fact that God
killed the man who tried to interrupt the
process of bringing the Ark of the
Covenant into its proper place.
And so Doe just gave up and said,
okay,
I don't understand how we're going to get
it from here to there.
So we're just going to leave it where
it is.
And you can figure it out, God,
because I don't appreciate you killing
this man.
And God says, all right, there we go.
I'll have the Ark protected by Obed-Edowm,
the man from the wine press.
And he will...
reveal all of the blessings of that ark.
He will keep it in his home.
And then when it's time,
he will make certain that it's properly
moved to its correct position under the
tent of the restoring witness on the
Temple Mount.
Just as Obed Edowm,
as the man from Edowm,
The man from this wine press will do
the same thing according to Yashayah,
Isaiah,
as he presents the man from Edowm through
whom many are saved in the sixty-third
chapter of Yashayah.
And so this is what God is speaking
of at this point,
of how Obed-Edowm will become the man from
Edowm and that many will be saved.
as a result of the one who comes
out of the wine press.
Yahowah, Edown, our upright pillar,
our firm foundation.
How awesomely magnificent.
superior and sovereign,
desirable and recognizable.
'adyr is your name.
So if you think I'm starting at the
end, since that's the passage I just read,
understand that the first and the eighth
statement of the eighth Mashal, excuse me,
Mizmowr or psalm,
it begins and ends the same way.
It's Dowd's way, perhaps,
of saying just as Obed-Edowm resolved the
issue of the Ark of the Covenant and
made certain that it was brought into
Jerusalem and placed under the tent of the
restoring witness at the proper time and
the proper way, by the way, on Taruwah,
so shall he reposition the Ark of the
Covenant in a way
that saves many on Taruwah,
three thousand years later,
we're going to come full circle.
So just as he is announcing that the
firm foundation that Yahowah provides
reveals that his name is awesomely
magnificent, sovereign, desirable,
that it is recognizable and it should earn
our respect.
And that's how he begins.
That's how he ends.
It's a wonderful bookend for one's life,
is it not?
Throughout the land and the material
realm,
which to show the way to the benefits
of the relationship,
you and I have chosen to bestow your
glory.
Beyond all of the spiritual realm,
Mizmowr eigth one.
You see,
Dowd is Yahowah's representative on earth.
He is called Elyown in the Eighty-Ninth
Mizmowr, Dowd's song.
And as Elyown,
he is God's influence and representative
on earth.
And it is Dowd who,
by fulfilling Pesach Matsah and Bikuwrym,
became the one who showed the way to
the benefits of the relationship, asher.
And as a result,
Dowd is acknowledging that you and I have
chosen to bestow your glory.
nathan howd 'atah
written in both the cohortative first
person expression of volition and the
imperative second person,
so that they are of like mind.
This is what they both want.
And this is a marvelous recovery from what
Dowd was headed to at this point and
ultimately recovered.
So you and I have chosen now to
bestow your glory beyond the spiritual
realm so that it's known here on the
earth, Mizmowr 8:1
Out of the mouths and oral expressions of
children and infants,
you have laid a foundation of power and
strength which can withstand anything.
I laugh because, well, I am either...
seven thousand years old or seventy years
old depending on which iteration of my
life uh you want to focus on um
the fact is that Yahowah refers to me
as young man when we have a chat
I’m always okay young man and so what
he's officially saying is that
He's Father, and we are all His children.
And that it's amazing what the children of
God can accomplish.
And that through His children,
Yahowah has laid a foundation that is
empowering, that is strengthening,
it's emboldening,
that can withstand anything, Oz.
It is why one of the two support
columns for the temple,
the one on the left or the north
side,
suggesting that it would be representing
Gowym, where the one on the right side,
Yachin,
represents the Yahuwdym and Dowd being on
the southern side of a temple facing east.
And
The one on the north side,
the left-hand side, is Ba'oz.
Sometimes it's pronounced as Bo'az,
but Oz and Oz,
it's the same verb in Hebrew.
It means to empower, to strengthen.
Ba means with.
This name is introduced as Ruth's.
He is the Baal of Ruth,
who is the ultimate shepherdess,
who announces to him that she represents,
she's symbolic of the Amah,
this productive mother.
And she says, I am your productive mother,
and I will deliver to you the Baal,
the kinsman, redeemer, a dote.
And so all of this blends together to
have an understanding of how the
foundation of power and strength,
which can withstand anything,
'oz is also conveyed in Bo'az and related
to the story of Ruth and the very
husband of the Amah,
who we later learn is also Leah.
It makes this prophetic and it conveys all
of those insights because it is Yahowah's
intent to lay a foundation of power and
strength which can withstand anything
through his deployment of this man known
as Bo'az, known also as Eythan ha Ezrachy.
something we will discover and explore in
great detail later on.
And this is the man that has the
most influence on restoring those
relationship with Yahowah.
So this is an order.
to put a stop to the adversary who
is trying to control, constrain,
and diminish you in this hostile force,
which brings trouble by being antagonistic
to you,
as well as to hold the guilty accountable
by punishing the perpetrator, eight-two.
Dowd would fight many demons.
He began life by fighting the chosen king
of Israel, Sha'uwl, who tried to kill him.
He would then fight many of Israel's
adversaries,
fighting defensive battles to protect his
people.
But the greatest demon that Dowd had to
confront was himself.
He lost his way.
He fell precipitously.
And it's well known what he did and
the various mistakes he made along the
way.
And for most people who are not thoughtful
in their understanding of the Hebrew text,
they would say that Dowd disqualified
himself as the son of God,
as the Messiah, as the returning king,
and certainly as our savior and as the
sacrificial lamb of Passover.
But that's only because they would
render the Hebrew words like tamym
incorrectly as perfect as opposed to
correctly as completing the job getting it
done having the tenacity to take the
mission all the way to the finish line
fulfilling your responsibility and under
those bases then Down was accountable
And so this is a realization that,
you know,
there were all sorts of adversarial things
swirling in and around Dowd that had to
be controlled.
They had to be diminished.
They had to be constrained.
And that this man named and considered...
Whether it's Bo'az or simply the fact that
the bull is powerful and strong.
That's how those demons were resolved.
And he says, truly,
when I look at your heavens,
the universe and the spiritual realm and
the accomplishments of your fingers,
the moon and the stars,
which to reveal the benefits of the
relationship you have fashioned and
formed, what is 'enowsh, mortal man,
by comparison?
Well,
the fact is that Dowd by this time
had become aware
that there were two luminaries,
both great from God's perspective,
and that they would shine most brightly in
fulfilling and announcing the fulfillment
of the Mowedym.
They were signs of the Mowedym,
which are the
Restoring witnesses to the eternal
testimony.
They began in the spring with Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
which were fulfilled by this man, Dowd.
And year four thousand years in thirty
three CE,
just as the fourth day of creation details
and that his.
achievements, his accolades,
his very reputation would be reflected and
restored by the moon,
the lesser luminary during the time of
darkness.
And so he's saying,
so what is and who is this mortal
man?
And so again, it's prophetic,
it's a teaching moment,
it brings all of these insights together
so that we realize that the stars speak
of the luminaries and the moon is the
one that reflected Dowd's light and the
one who resolved his problem at this time.
And it says, you are mindful of him.
And the very son of man,
that surely you take stock of him and
relate to him.
And this is something that I have been
studying here in the evenings after the
show.
Yes, you know,
I only work a ninety hour a week
and that means I'm only working half time.
because that means I'm working thirteen
hours a day as a ninety hour work
week.
And so that means I'm working half time.
It's a half time job.
But the other half time,
besides sleeping and and eating, I am.
I'm studying a variety of subjects that I
find interesting,
and one of them has to do with
the unique nature of our planet and who
we are on it.
And when I
returned to the conditions uh the story of
uh of eden the garden of eden and
learned that it was Yahowah who caused the
fall of man and learned why he had
done so and where man had failed in
the garden and then came to appreciate
that we're being taken back to the garden
and just like the psalm comes full circle
we're coming full circle we we were
given the opportunity to excel in the
garden and failed.
And we're being brought back to the garden
after six thousand years of being outside
of it to be given the chance to
succeed.
And there are three things essentially
that God wants us to be observant,
to us to be responsive and us to
be reliable.
This is how God would take stock of
man.
This is what he is expecting from man.
So as I looked at the garden,
Gan means protective and enclosed
environment that's suitable for life.
And when I was returning the entire earth
to the conditions of Gan,
I began to perceive the earth as a
sheltered and enclosed garden,
conducive to life that was protected.
And in that regard,
I was besieged immediately thereafter as I
surveyed YouTube,
which is kind of my way of winding
down at the end of the day.
All of these programs that were on how
uniquely tuned the Earth is for life.
Some of them would say,
by comparison to the Earth, Mars,
for example,
and the moon are both hideously toxic.
Men,
humankind can't live in either place for
any length of time.
And they went through the uniquenesses of
Earth.
And they would do two and three hours
on all of the things that had to
be perfectly positioned, sized,
and everything for life to exist on this
planet.
And then they go through the exceeding
unlikelihood of intelligent life.
And then they'll go and they'll analyze
the universe and say that when you
consider how many unique things have to be
right,
for a planet to be conducive to life,
it is almost certain that there is no
life on any other planet.
And we realize just how unique this place
is.
it is a place conducive to life and
that's what we're giving this final
opportunity to get our our act together so
that java can take us off of this
planet and explore the rest of the
universe where we're likely to conceive
life with him in new places so when
you think of it that way what you
come to realize is what dote is saying
here that man really is in the center
of the universe as is this planet
In fact,
the universe is equally distant all around
us.
We are in the center of the universe.
We are the one place where life was
conceived, where it thrives.
We're in the one place where we're being
given a second chance to demonstrate to
our creator that we can be trusted by
him, that we're interesting,
that we're good explorers,
that we're observant,
that we're responsive.
and that we're reliable.
That's why this says, Zachariah.
And Zachariah doesn't just mean that you
are mindful of him.
It means in particular that you are,
you remember,
you celebrate the most memorable of men.
You celebrate the very son of man such
that you take stock in him.
You relate
When you understand God's whole story from
beginning to end, that is a very powerful,
very profound thought.
Therefore,
you have made him somewhat diminished,
withholding something from God.
And yet you have surrounded and enveloped
him with honor and respect and with an
abundance of riches,
with a powerful presence and a glorious
reward,
along with the most appealing attributes,
valuable qualities and useful attitudes.
Eight five.
Do you know what he means by all
of this?
I do.
God is seven dimensional.
The universe he conceived is six
dimensions.
Our planet and the realm that we
understand is three and a half dimensions.
We have up, down, right, left,
back and forth.
And we can maneuver in those three
dimensions in the ordinary flow of time,
the fourth dimension.
Three and a half dimensions is what we're
in.
God is seven dimensional.
So we have been created
as a diminished version of Yahowah.
And God's not going to enhance us,
empower us, enable us,
and increase our dimensionality from three
and a half to four, five, six,
and seven until he knows that he can
trust us.
And he can't trust us until there are
enough of us who relate to him,
who are observant,
who closely examine and carefully consider
the information he has provided for us to
understand,
who then respond to him and contribute to
the relationship.
And when they make a mistake,
they learn from it and grow as a
result.
When they trip and fall,
they get back up and get going.
therefore demonstrating that they are
dependable.
And it's only then that God's going to
say,
I can trust you enough to empower you
up to seven dimensions so we will not
have a diminished difference between me
and you.
So we can relate directly to God in
a far more
exciting and empowered way.
But you see,
with every increase in dimensions,
there is an infinite increase in choices
and of opportunities.
We just can't be trusted currently with
following God's instructions regarding how
to capitalize upon and do no harm in
and yet enjoy being elevated past our
current three-dimensional realm.
And our brains don't process typically
things that are infinite.
We can't.
But I just want you to have some
appreciation for the fact that with each
increase in dimensionality, for example,
in time,
time exists as a photon of light.
And therefore,
all time can exist simultaneously.
You can witness the past.
You can witness the future.
And you can travel throughout this
universe great distances in no time.
So it's a marvelous kind of thing.
And light energy is E=MC².
It's the square of the speed of light
times matter that is equivalent to energy.
So we're being empowered.
God is enabling us,
enriching us so that we're more like him
through this process.
So we are going to be surrounded
ultimately by honor and respect with an
abundance of riches,
with a powerful presence,
a glorious reward when our physical bodies
are transformed and the carrier of our
soul becomes radiant energy and light as
opposed to this physical being.
And
the combination of our soul that has
unique attributes and qualities and
attitudes,
and our Neshamah that is the carrier of
our rational thought,
that all of this gives humanity this most
appealing possibility of valuable
qualities and useful attitudes and
aptitudes.
Pretty heady stuff so far, isn't it?
This is revelation for graduate school
level, if you will.
So you have provided him,
speaking of humankind, with proverbs,
with mashal,
and allowed him to exercise his free will.
Sharing these memorable messages,
particularly about leadership.
I pause here.
because I have discovered over these past
few days who actually wrote the Mashal,
what their purpose is, what they're about,
but actually who authored them.
And so this message now rings far more
powerfully
particularly as it comes from Dowd.
Because in the other studio,
we're examining Dowd's lowest possible
moment.
And we know that he recovered from that.
We know from the final word picture,
the final Mashal,
that he had a visit from the ‘Amah,
the productive mother, who is Asherah,
the most beneficial and blessed of all
women.
And that...
He sobered up as a result of that,
but that there was another visit.
And the evidence of that visit turns out
to be the most glorious of all songs,
the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
And that's what was delivered to Dowd by
the one who is credited for writing thirty
of the thirty-one mashal.
And so by Dowd conveying all of these
very profound thoughts about who we are,
who Yahowah is,
and how we bridge the gap between them,
between he and us,
the person who provided the memorable
messages,
the proverbs that allowed him to express
himself this way and lead in this manner,
is the very person who co-authored the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr with Yahowah and
delivered it to Dowd.
So in these words, you know,
if I had read this a week ago,
I wouldn't have seen that.
Reading it now, I know.
And
we'll get to a point where you're going
to know what I know as we continue
to progress with all of this.
And so this means you have provided him
with Proverbs and allowed him to exercise
his free will by sharing these memorable
messages with him,
by revealing the Mashal to him.
All accompanied by
the accomplishments of your hands.
In other words,
it was the hand of God that provided
the Mashal to Dowd,
to teach him what he had missed so
that he could become the man we know
him to be.
And it says,
you have placed everything under his feet.
so that he might stand,
his stance might be righteous.
Mizmowr
eight, six.
You know,
you read these things and you realize just
how far we have come.
I'm sharing this with you as the first
volume of Coming Home.
Here it is in its new look.
And in this, you know,
you can see I'm,
going through the Mizmowr and sharing them
with you.
The tenth chapter of volume one is where
I present the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
Dowd Song, for the first time.
And I have recapped every other time that
I've referenced it throughout the Yada
Yahowah series, which is very frequently.
And my friends were going to return to
it,
particularly after we come to know who
co-authored it with Yahowah and what the
purpose of it actually is.
But as I shared it here,
I didn't know six years ago when I
wrote this for the first time.
Six years ago, I didn't know
one percent of what I know now.
And six years ago,
when I wrote the first volume of Coming
Home, you know,
I had already invested eighteen years of
twelve to fourteen hour days,
six to seven days a week in translating
Yahowah's testimony and coming to know Him.
But
We have become the result of what God
wants most of all from us,
to be observant.
The more we observe His message and
contemplate what He has shared with us,
the more we know.
The more we know and make connections,
thoughtful, rational deductions,
the more we understand.
Knowledge and understanding are
foundational in the sense that when you
have a little,
you can make the next step,
but it's going to be a baby step.
We know enough in kindergarten to wash our
hands before snack.
We don't know a lot.
First grade,
we're beginning to learn an alphabet and
maybe some simple math skills.
but we're not ready for algebra and
trigonometry and geometry or calculus or
any of those kinds of things.
You know,
the history might be what mom and dad
did yesterday,
as opposed to what happened three thousand
years ago and how it influences our lives.
The more we learn,
the better we're positioned to understand.
Although I think it's less than a tiny
fraction of one percent of people who
become scholars and know a lot that
actually transition to the full benefit,
which is understanding.
And the more you understand,
the more you're capable of understanding.
So the floodgates really open after a
while.
And that's where we are.
I was chatting with Rich and Leah just
before this program,
and Leah is championing the idea of an
early harvest of us leaving in a hundred
days on the twenty-second of May,
twenty twenty-six of this year.
And I said to her that then I
can't finish the job.
because at this point I need to conclude
the book I'm presently writing and share
that with you as part of the Yahowah
blog.
And it's profoundly important.
We're well into it at this point,
and within weeks we'll probably reach that
result.
But then it's, I think,
vital that we complete the portions of
Yashayah, Isaiah,
that we have not dealt with yet.
probably ten chapters.
So that's a volume in itself.
And then there's a lot that we have
not yet analyzed in what's considered to
be the Minor Prophets.
There's more of Zephaniah.
There's more of Yow'el.
There's more of Zechariah.
All to be deduced and shared,
which is every bit of a volume.
And, you know, the resulting
Yada Yahowah vlogs that would be derived from
it.
And then now that we have learned more
about the origin and the purpose and the
timing of the Mashal and how they overlap
the last four years of of Dowd's life
and the first four years of Solomon's
reign as king and therefore Solomon from
the time that he would have been eight
years old to the time he was twelve.
That this,
well actually from the time that he was
sixteen,
first four years of his reign and last
four years of Doe's first of three lives.
So eight to sixteen on Solomon.
So now that I've come to understand that,
I want to share everything that can be
deduced from the Bismarck.
I've done, but with limited understanding,
I know six, seven,
fourteen and thirty one.
snippets from others,
but there's a lot there.
We want to share that.
That would be at least three volumes.
So can I write five or six volumes
over the course of a little more than
a year?
Probably not,
but I can get a lot closer.
feel a lot more comfortable having
completed the job.
So I'm hoping for a later withdrawal.
Well,
I think my wife would be happy if
we left within the next hundred days.
And one of the things I have shared
with both Rich and Leah,
and I'm going to share with you now,
I think that the only way for the
earlier harvest to occur is for one of
two things to happen,
and it has to happen
really within the next month.
One is that either Israel or the United
States or collectively both Israel and the
United States attack Iran again.
The result is going to be quite different
than the last time if that occurs.
Israel is going to get pummeled.
The United States is going to face a
catastrophic loss as well.
if the United States engages and Israel
and the United States are both going to
look for a way to sue for peace.
And with the United Islamic world,
the only thing that they would accept is
a Islamic state carved out of the heart
of Israel that makes Israel's ongoing
existence impossible.
And therefore the,
state of terror that thins Israel at the
waist would transpire within weeks or
months of that attack and therefore put
everything in place for an early
withdrawal.
The second is that Trump,
who has destroyed the reserve currency
status of the US dollar by weaponizing the
dollar
and who has infuriated the entire world,
showing that the United States is a
belligerent bully who cannot be trusted,
has empowered the BRICS nations,
particularly China, but also Russia,
India, and Brazil,
to the point that they have gone full
speed ahead at creating a competitor to
the dollar in international trade.
And it's gained so much steam that the
dollar has gone from about ninety nine
percent of all international trade down to
below sixty percent just recently.
And the U.S.
debt can no longer be funded.
The only way to create the illusion of
solvency is by printing boatloads of money
through quantitative easing.
destroying the value of the currency and
making it even less desirable for anyone
to actually buy a bond.
That being the case,
if over the next month,
Trump does something again,
that causes those nations to say,
let's stop kidding around.
Let's stop the slow pace of divesting from
treasuries, US treasuries,
and pulling away from the US economy.
And that's happening at a very fast rate
now in Canada and in Europe and in
Japan and Australia.
Almost all of America's allies are pulling
away from the United States and from U.S.
trade ties.
Now, that comes to a crisis.
We can't fund our debt.
At that point, Saudi Arabia is going to...
want to make a deal.
They've already started to sell vast
amounts of oil and currencies other than
the dollar.
Their largest customer is China,
and they sell oil to China in the
Yuan.
And they do business with Russia in their
dollars and their each of their
currencies.
But the only way to prolong,
even for a brief time,
the illusion of US solvency through the
reserve currency,
which is the only way that the US
has been able to create these massive
deficits without appearing bankrupt,
is for Saudi Arabia to play along a
bit longer.
And if Saudi Arabia plays along a bit
longer,
they're going to be quite demanding.
The last time they demanded that the US
defend Saudi Arabia against all foes under
all circumstances with the US military,
that we give them access to our most
advanced AI chips and artificial
intelligence,
that we provide them with nuclear power
and nuclear technology,
and that we give them hundreds of billions
of dollars of our most advanced weaponry.
But they're not going any further until we
give them Israel.
And Trump is now in a position to
give them Israel on a platter.
And if those things happen,
then we're also in place for an earlier
harvest.
So either one of those two,
you can watch what happens over the next
sixty to ninety days and know whether or
not it's
May,
twenty second of this year or the eleventh
of June of next year.
All right,
I want to share that with you because
I know a lot of people are interested
in the in the timing.
So this goes on to say flocks of
sheep and thousands of.
And yes.
An intelligent bull.
Aleph speaks of intelligence.
It is the Hebrew word for a thousand.
It is the Hebrew word for bull.
It is the Hebrew word for intelligent.
tsoneh is the Hebrew word for sheep,
for a flock of sheep.
So there will be sheep and there will
be a learned bull.
And they will work together along with the
wild animals that
are in the open realm, the beasts,
if you will.
The birds of the sky,
the fish of the sea.
Fish of the sea is really correctly
translated that it is that which creates
enrichment and empowerment from the sea.
And the tsipuwr would be that which flies.
So this is the lambs and the most
intelligent of bulls.
Both of them.
All of them.
Along with the various living beings from
the open environments.
That which can fly.
And that which is...
empowering and enriching from the sea are
all extended by way of the sea,
by way of a gowym.
Mizmowr
eight, eight.
Yes, indeed, that's quite insightful.
God's going to make all of this happen
through His Lamb on Passover,
through the bull on Taruwah.
And there will be many living
beneficiaries who will be brought from the
open environs.
And that as a result,
some will fly and others will be
dramatically increased.
all as a result of what Yahowah has
extended from the sea and a bar also
means by way of passover and by reaching
out and taking us to the other side
so that was eight eight Yahowah
Edown,
our upright pillar and firm foundation,
how awesomely magnificent,
beautiful and desirable,
recognizable and deserving of respect is
your name in the entirety of the material
realm and of the land.
Mizmowr
eight, nine.
Beautiful, isn't it?
Tells us exactly
what we need to know and so with
that I’m thinking maybe it's best that we
postponed the next Mizmowr which is
beautiful it's the ninth it will be the
final Mizmowr in the last chapter of
this volume and we'll save it to our
next program here from
our ocean studio.
Um, we have survived.
We haven't been rained on.
We haven't been blown out.
It's getting a little bit more stormy out
there.
So I'm just so delighted.
We were able to get this program in,
uh,
and we'll return to this and cover the,
uh, Mizmowr
nine and our next episode here from
the ocean studio.
Later today, we're going to return, uh,
to really the depths of hell, uh,
to the most, um,
Horrid moment of our King's existence so
that we have an appreciation of how far
he rose after he had fallen.
And we'll do that late this afternoon.
So thank you for listening.
It was a joy to be here with
you as part of this program.
Good day.